Hi!/ Today, my friend Ashley, is coming over
/ I am showing her my new apartment!/ Oh! That’s Ashley calling
/ Hi Ashley!
Hi Anna!/ I’m coming to your apartment
/ Where is your apartment?
My apartment is near the Columbia Heights Metro
It is near the Columbia Heights Metro?
Yes
/ Exit the Metro and turn right
/ Then at the bus station turn left
/ Then walk straight ahead
Okay
/ Exit Metro, turn right, turn left,/ then go straight ahead?
Yes
/ My apartment is near a coffee shop
Okay
/ See you soon!
Hi, Ashley
Hello, Anna?/ Which coffee shop?/ There are three coffee shops
Okay,/ my apartment is across from a big department store
A big department store?/ Ah, I see it!
Okay!/ Bye, Ashley
/ See you soon!
Okay
/ See you soon
Ashley! Ashley! Ashley!/ Over here!/ It’s Anna!
Hi!
I love having my friends over
/ Come on!
Great!